Feat/scroll rpc (#136)
scroll-tech/reth: crates/scroll/alloy/consensus/README.md

# scroll-alloy-consensus

Scroll consensus interface.

This crate contains constants, types, and functions for implementing Scroll EL consensus and communication. This

> includes an extended `ScrollTxEnvelope` type with deposit transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
includes an extended `ScrollTxEnvelope` type with l1 messages.
```

> In general a type belongs in this crate if it exists in the `alloy-consensus` crate, but was modified from the base Ethereum protocol in the OP Stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general a type belongs in this crate if it exists in the `alloy-consensus` crate, but was modified from the base Ethereum protocol in Scroll.
```

> For consensus types that are not modified by the Scroll, the `alloy-consensus` types should be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For consensus types that are not modified by Scroll, the `alloy-consensus` types should be used instead.
```
